 Based on the data and information provided, here are some possible ways that the company could prevent or mitigate its environmental impacts in relation to the categories listed:

[("preventionImpact": "Renforcer les capacités des relations pertinentes (par exemple, fournisseurs de matières premières pour parfums et cosmétiques, fabricants de montres et bijoux, distributeurs)")], Answer_Justification: 'The company can work with its suppliers and partners to promote sustainable practices and reduce the environmental impact of their operations. This could include providing training on environmental issues, setting sustainability targets, and establishing reporting mechanisms to track progress.'

[("preventionImpact": "Réalisation d'un processus d'audit et/ou d'un plan de mesures correctives")], Answer_Justification: 'The company can conduct audits of its own operations and those of its suppliers to identify areas where environmental impact can be reduced. Based on the findings, the company can develop a plan to address any issues and implement measures to prevent or mitigate future impacts.'

[("preventionImpact": "Action collective avec des homologues ou d'autres parties prenantes")], Answer_Justification: 'The company can collaborate with other companies in its industry to develop shared solutions to environmental challenges. This could include participating in industry-wide initiatives to reduce waste, emissions, or water use, or working together to promote sustainable practices throughout the supply chain.'

[("preventionImpact": "Collaboration avec des organismes gouvernementaux ou réglementaires")], Answer_Justification: 'The company can engage with government agencies and regulatory bodies to advocate for policies that support sustainability and address environmental issues. This could include participating in public consultations, providing input on proposed regulations, or supporting initiatives that promote sustainable development.'

[("preventionImpact": "Autre")], Answer_Justification: 'The company can explore other strategies for preventing or mitigating its environmental impacts, such as investing in renewable energy or carbon offsets, developing new technologies to reduce waste or emissions, or implementing circular economy principles in its operations and supply chain.'

[("preventionImpact": "Aucune action pendant la période de reporting")], Answer_Justification: 'Based on the information provided, it is not clear whether the company has taken any specific actions to prevent or mitigate its environmental impacts during the reporting period. However, this does not necessarily mean that no such actions have been taken; further research and analysis would be needed to determine the full extent of the company's efforts in this area.'